{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 arial;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 courier;}{\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2500;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sb100\sa100\qc\cf1\ul\b\f0\fs28 BMW 524td 1985 Diesel 6 cylinder\cf0\ulnone\b0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\cf2\b\f2 Hello,\cf0\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 I'm Jeff and welcome to my auction for my fine 524td BMW. Is it killing me to sell this car? Sure is. Ask my wife..\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 The 524td is a very rare car. Only 20,000 of these were brought into the United States from Germany, during a two year period. In the US, we generally have a lot of Mercedes 300D diesels and a few of these BMW's. Many people have never even seen a BMW diesel.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Let me tell you, it is a kick, when you drive up to a regular BMW and they hear you are a diesel. There is no mistaking it.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 I have a two car garage and three cars and there lies the problem, the need and this is the solution.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Now, one of the problems about using eBay is not knowing where the car came from, what it is all about. Many cars on here are from auctions and who knows where. Not this car.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 I bought it from a lady in Houston, Tx. Her dad had given it to her and I brought the car to California.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 So, the car started off in Fla, then went to Texas then I bought it and it is in California. I have had the car for 2 and a half years, roughly.\b0\f1\par
\cf2\b\f2 This car has no real problems to speak of. I would get into it and drive it to Seattle or to Texas in a heart beat. It always starts right up and you can cruise it 80 miles an hour all day and night.\cf0\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 The outside paint is all bright and shiny, save for the roof. So, I am thinking along the way it had some repainting, but the roof was skipped. The downer about the outside are all the dents in the rear left door and the right front fender, a few on the right side of the hood and a few creases on the trunk lid. \b0\f1\par
\b\f2 I bought the car like that and it was not disclosed.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 But, the interior is in great shape. the driver's seat is all good. The springs in the driver seat are just a tad weak, but, all in all it is very confortable.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 The car is very clean inside, has never been smoked in and is better than average for an older car.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 This car should be bought by a BMW person who appreciates diesels. That person would get the greatest enjoyment out of this car. \b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Off the line, it is pretty fast for a diesel. I never drive it hard. When merging on a fast interstate, it will merge with the best of them, but, it is not a race car. It seems to like to hang in at 80 MPH and is also good up hills at that speed.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 The transmission is an automatic 4 speed and it has torque convertor lock function that acts like a 5th speed.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 So, if you are still with me, all is good.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Here is what I replaced on the car. A huge list, to let you know what you are really bidding on:\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Left engine mount - replaced Sept 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Front driver's seat belt - replaced Sept 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Driver's door decorative pillar cover - Sept 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Rear ash trays - Sept 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Fuel filter - Oct 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Fuel filter sensor - Oct 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Temperature sensor - Oct 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Water pump - Oct 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Radiator - Sept 2003 brand new radiator.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Fan clutch - Sept 2003. \b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Fan shroud - Sept 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Dash cluster - Dec 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * R134a replacement - Dec 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Air conditioning compressor clutch - Aug 2004\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Air conditioning recharge with R134a\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * window switches, A/C switch Oct 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Rear lights sockets and lamps all new Oct 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Timing belt - Nov 2005\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Diesel injection pump - used pump installed Nov 2004\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Diesel glow plugs all changed Aug 2004\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * All 4 tires replaced Jan 2004\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Electric heater valve replaced Jan 2004\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Alternator replaced Nov 2005\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * All belts replaced Aug 2005\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Front Brake pads Sept 2005\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Fuel tank in tank diesel fuel lift pump - brand new May 2005\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * New washer pump motor Sept 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * New battery - Sept 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * New radiator hoses Sept 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Gas tank level sensor Jan 2004.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 * Head light switch Oct 2003\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Are you still with me? \b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Ok, then here are some things that are broken.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 The headrests don't go up and down via the electric motors that are supposed to raise and lower them.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 The key will not open up the car from the driver's door. Some parking lot attendent made sure they broke it.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 The right marker light on the right fender is missing.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Left driver's mirror scratched. Right passenger's mirror has a crack in the glass, but useful as is.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Dents in hood, right fender, left rear door, trunk lid.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Small bit of rust in trunk near seal, no larger than a quarter. \b0\f1\par
\b\f2 That's about it.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Now, what about a check list of what does work correctly.. Am I anal, or what?\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 - Interior lights - check. Will come on when doors are opened or via dash switch.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 - Dash lights - all lights and functions work. Dash night illumination works.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Seats - All seat motors for all directions work perfectly. This is sweet! both seats driver's and passengers.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Radio - AM/FM check! Radio antenna - electric and perfect up and down fine.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Status panel - all functions work. Will warn if low on coolant, oil, diesel functions, washer fluid, burned out bulbs, all perfect.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Hand brake - functions perfectly. Holds car fine on steep hills.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Turn signals - check fine. 4 way flashers fine.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Headlights - fine. High low beams fine. Reverse lights fine. All running lights - fine. Headlight switch REPLACED from new on Sept 2003.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 All gauges check. Gas level gauge OK. Alternator light OK. Oil pressure sensor and light OK. Temperature gauge OK. Transmission gear indication lights all OK. Actually, I put in LED's in the dash panel so that these will now never burn out.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Air conditioning - works great. Blows cold.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Heater - will really heat when needed. Can dial exact temperature with the thermostat on the car. Germans, they can engineer and they do.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Fresh air vent - OK. Middle slider on dash.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Rear electric defroster - OK.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Heat control for heat to floor. Heat control for heat to windscreen OK. (Sliders on dash).\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Driver's seat belt - moves well- new Sept 2003.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Diesel glow plugs - good - all 6 are working.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Diesel fuel system - good. No leaks.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Diesel injectors - cleaned and cleaner run into them\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Timing belt - new and just replaced.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Timing belt tensioner replaced to new.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Cruise control works perfectly\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 So, all in all, there is not much needed at this time. You can get in this car and drive it away with out any worries. The transmission shifts very smoothly. I have changed the fluid on it every year and the filter two years ago. I also changed the oil every 3,000 miles with the oil filter.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 To start this diesel you turn on the key, the diesel glow plug light will show orange, then that light will go off, the green "ready to run" light will come one. Then, press the accelerator slightly, turn the key and the diesel is running. \b0\f1\par
\b\f2 There is nothing like it, and if you like diesels, you'll love this car.\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Any questions, just call me up:\b0\f1\par
\b\f2 Jeff at 510-461-3292\b0\f1\par
Please note: \par
Cash will be due when you pick up the car. I will not take a check or a cashier's check of any type. Only cash. My dad told me "Cash makes no enemies".\par
You will be expected to pick up the car within 5 days after you buy it. If you bid on the car and don't buy it, I'll leave negative feedback for you.\par
If you live in California, you'll need to show me a valid California driver's license and I'll let you keep the plates on the car. If you are coming in from out of state and taking the car out of state, I will then take off my California plates and turn them into the DMV. No exceptions.\par
In any event, I'll need to see your valid driver's license before I release the car to you.\par
You will need to bring your own plates to take the car out of state.\par
End of fine print. Happy bidding.\par
\pard\f3\fs20\par
}
 